let me tell you there's a hole waiting
for you
it's hard to believe is true
searchers who love me
because I believe this you
Oh
because you
yeah so you make a summary tender oh
shut up
so Abigail what do you range party
weight getting invited Britney just
leave it alone
it's okay hey have a go your hellix
really pretty today
oh no no Britney where did you get that
cool funny huh have you seen a Beyonce
profile picture no actually for sorry /
she's that ugly Brit that's a bit harsh
she actually looks really pretty there
Kieran you have to understand have a go
is a [ __ ] what did she do
anyway um don't talk about with me a
partner but he's kind of like gross
which I just do we won cheers so I'm
such a grumpy mood okay anyway we should
get going
yeah okay ready
because
oh my god you left your phone at home
okay thanks
I'll get one so rude I said hi to her
and she'll never reply to me yeah you
know I had a big-ass damage to the surf
team what do you know
Eric told me X is to talk to you oh yeah
he's hot but that's not the point
adda guy is such escape
you
hey here ya go thanks Kara thank you for
getting away
so oneself oh I know your friends pretty
and you're the only person post whether
I can really trust well it's about
Abigail yeah I was really upset about it
and what Brittany is doing her is it
baddest it's bullying and her has been a
very good place at the moment
she's quite depressed and I know what
could happen if it gets worse yeah we're
blind about depression and endemic
funnily - like - exactly
hermocrates doing - Abigail it's
absolutely horrible
don't worry I agree I'll try to talk her
but she's kind of led to this way I
don't really think she likes the idea of
change since she's popular and has a
reputation yeah why when she picks that
about well I know the popular girls
especially
okay to the customer maybe that's the
reason why Britney size a bagasse kind
of a loser she suddenly treats a black
one just please talk to her I'm really
worried about okay I will and hey we
should catch up sometime yeah you're not
that bacteria Thanks
you
so how are you up I'm fine no you're not
fine you can trust me tell me well it's
just that it's been going it's okay to
feel like that I don't like that you
skip school and because it's just music
willing crap you do know that around
160,000 children skip school per year
because they're afraid afraid of the
bullies you aren't alone and now people
that can help you don't you see a
counselor they don't care of course they
care that is what they are there for
teachers don't always see what is going
on and usually they not only notice one
in 25 cases of bullying Abigail even I
didn't see that you are this upset and
just I don't feel confident enough to
see a counselor or speak to someone I'm
scared it will get worse you know I'm
here for you I just don't want you to
hurt yourself with
stupid that you're gonna regret you need
a lot
ah hi miss Rosie um I was wondering
could you just talk to Brittany she's
kind of been bullying I began getting
bored
you
come in um you wanted me yes please have
a seat Britney Britney I've heard that
you've been bullying one of your peers
I'm not bullying her they're talking
crap watch your language
I've heard that you've been pushing her
around spread no movie and even got
around the teachers lounge so what's
going on I'm not doing anything I swear
Brittany just don't know what to do
okay I'm going to make this quick turn
around
I'm sorry for being oppressed agenda to
equation five I'm really sorry okay
just remember okay
hey Danny are we still on for Saturday
yeah bye
yes you
so
dear
you